[RDY] Update PR template and Contributing (#1976)
CorsixTH/CorsixTH: .github/pull_request_template.md

> <!-- If your PR is still being drafted you should submit it as a "Draft Pull Request" or add [WIP] to your title. -->

Reviewer: *must* not *should*

Author: ```suggestion
<!-- If your PR is still being drafted you must either submit it as a "Draft Pull Request" or add [WIP] to your title. -->
```

<!-- PR guidance notes (you can delete this section or leave as-is after reading)
If your PR is still being drafted you should submit it as a "Draft Pull Request" or add [WIP] to your title.

> Remember if you are a contributor you can set the PR type from Labels if one fits (prefix PR:), and associate your PR with the current "Project". If you can't see this stuff we'll set it up for you. -->

Reviewer: Can you drop the `If you can't see this stuff` and possibly clarify who a contributor is. I think you mean a member of CorsixTH, which is a pretty small group of people - maybe drop that whole section?

> <!-- PR guidance notes (you can delete this section or leave as-is after reading)
> If your PR is still being drafted you should submit it as a "Draft Pull Request" or add [WIP] to your title.
> Remember if you are a contributor you can set the PR type from Labels if one fits (prefix PR:), and associate your PR with the current "Project". If you can't see this stuff we'll set it up for you. -->

Author: ```suggestion
<!-- If your PR is still being drafted you should submit it as a "Draft Pull Request" or add [WIP] to your title. -->
```
